expectation status
  G matches
  Y doesn't match, will auto-fix
  R doesn't match, can't auto-fix

intention status
  X pending approval
  G immediate approval: can proceed with the change now
  Y delayed approval: will need to wait until a certain time window
  R rejected: will never be allowed

property
  contains a single measurable value
  has a name which may the same as other properties
    in which case the only way to distinguish it is by property group
  can have sub-properties
  if there is no observer defined and it has sub-properties, status is worst of sub-prop status

property class
  the class of a property determines 
    how it will be observed
    what properties it depends on
    how it can be fixed
    how it is installed

property group
  contains 0 or more properties
  may be nested
  purpose
    easy access of specific properties
    control of resource provisioning
      when a property is being automatically provisioned, it will search parent property groups until it finds the needed resource

property status
  how well the observed value of a property matches it's expected value
  service up intention:
  color:
    V violet - no issues: service unused / idle. 
    I indigo - no issues: service less than 1/16 usage
    B blue - no issues: performing far above the required levels, lots of resources to spare (under 1/4 capacity)
    G green - no issues: within normal operating levels
    Y yellow - minor issues: below required levels / over capacity, but still functional. Will need to address this issue eventually.
    O orange - major issues: significantly below required performance levels, rare failures happening, but still mostly functional. 
    M flashing orange - major issues: monitoring is failing or unavailable. Status unknown.
    R red - critical issues: services are down or frequently failing. Or missing a critical resource.
    ! flashing red - super critical issue: catastrophic failure

  severity:
    0 - no issues (violet, indigo, blue, green)
    1 - minor (yellow): issues that will need attending to eventually
    2 - major (orange, grey): issues that need immediate attention before failure happens
    3 - critical (red): failure has happened
    4 - super critical (flashing red): something worse than an outage has occurred

  service down intention:
    G service is down
    R service is up

property value
  may be manually or automatically observed  

resource consumer
  a property which needs a certain type of resource. May be manually or automatically provisioned

resource provider
  a property which contains resources which may be automatically or manually provisioned to another property.
  
user
  may represent a human or a special automation user

user group
  controls permissions that users belonging to the group have
  may be nested


